Clarify use case and give examples for `merge: false` (#12815)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/caching/cache-field-behavior.mdx

});
```

> ### Using `merge: false` to disable `merge`-related warnings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Opting in to the default behavior for non-normalized fields
```

Let's frame it more like this instead of disabling the warning

> You might encounter console warnings like "Cache data may be lost when...", even when the default behavior (incoming data replacing existing data) is desirable. In this case, you can disable the warning by passing `merge: false` to a field's `FieldPolicy` like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apollo Client replaces existing data with incoming data for non-normalized fields by default. When this happens, you will encounter console warnings like "Cache data may be lost when...", even when the default behavior is desirable. You can tell Apollo Client you want this behavior by passing `merge: false` to a field's `FieldPolicy`. By opting into this behavior, the console warning is no longer emitted:
```

I would frame this less so about disabling the warning and instead more about you opting into the default behavior explicitly. Here is a suggestion to frame it more about replacement with the side effect that warnings disappear 🙂
